Jul 12:
  For the last 3-4 days, looking into implementing/inputting our own input.
  OpenNI2 input : seems to deadlock the program, not sure how/why.
  OpenNI2 -> OpenNI1 converter: Looked into it in various ways:
    -Exporting an OpenNI Player - seems to be deeply encoded into the core library
    -Exporting a depth_device and image_device (node/modules) and then recording those. (They load in via OpenNi2) and recording it to openni1.


June 28:
    Implemented the RGBD-odometry

June 15+
    Playing around with the output of each step, verifying things are working correctly, attempting to generate .pcd's and in general just debugging..

June 13:
    Added subclass for FragmentOptimizer to work on newer eigens. (Implmented the stubb)
    Made a new pipeline script, that's easier to use.
    Got it running up-to Integrate
    Got openMP running for ER.

June 12:
    Fixed a horrible bug that was causing the long run times, now we ahve actual data, and GR runs and finishes.
    Tried to put it through the rest of the pipeline ->
      Missing files: keep.log reg_refine_all.log, reg_output.log 
        -And the camera.param thing too
    Worked on scripting it. Runs it all up to FragmentOptimizer now(?)

June 8/9:
    setup and started running a process of GR. (ITS PAINFULLY SLOW)
    Scripted running chunks of the pipeline and uploading them to the google drive
    Started porting the ODRMetry part of SPCL to PCL.    

June 7:
    Found the reason of missing flags,
    Attempted a run of GlobalRegistration like we did prior with just the pcds:
      -8 min runtime per alignment
    GlobalRegistration with the log:
      -processes 16 (in 4 ms each?) and then segfaults. I believe the values causing the segfaults are tx,ty,tz of targets_ in RansacCurvature.h or PolyRejector.
      
      

June 6:
    Started tracing while missing flags.

June 5:
    Tried running Global Registration with generated .pcd's, failed.
      -Missing arguments/flags in writting of the file.
    Read a lot out typedefs, templates, etc. (SPCL had some weird thing.. I don't think it would have ever compilied properly.)
    

June 2: 
    Segfaults caused by eigen/gcc/optimization -mavx, compiling with -mno-avx helps fix this.
    Now generates .pcd's and the .log.

June 1:
    Worked on porting SPCL
      -Args and parsing in, some copying... segfautls

May 31:
    Manually merged.. untill I found randomly unscoped code..
    Manually moving functions into PCL.
    Made cmake for erik's standalone pcl_kinfu_largescale

May 30:
    More git fun!
    Got a fix for g2o on OSX for building ER:
	Add in the head for brew, and install it via --HEAD.


May 29:
    Found ElasticFusion: Seems tied to SPCL, as there is a reference of pulling from it, (but form before it existed)
    Worked with git - trying to port the code over..
    Working manually, ported some code over (didn't work)

May 26:
    SPCL:
	-Wrote scripts to find where it diverges... best case is 10k lines.
	-Hoped to find better over weekend (didn't)

May 25:
    We learned we need to buidl standford PCL
    - Looked into finding where it branches off
    

May 24:
    Got everything to build (at least once) via cmake on linux, and mac.
	-Cory helped, everything compiles on linux now.
    Testing GlobalReconstruction with actual data. (Erik has had memory faults on mac, I don't on linux.)
        -It got actual results!
    Binarys on windows didn't really like working. (Some setup still required)
	-On my windows: I have things installed: OpenMP it does work.

May 23:
    Got PCL to build with kinfu support. (pcl-git with one line commented)
    Got graph-optimizer compiling with cmake on linux.
    Seems I broke the mac (it doesn't like compiling a few things now....)

May 19:
    Got expensive of trip organized, @ emailed,
    
    Try to get anything with cuda to compile on mac:
        -nvcc fatal   : GNU C/C++ compiler is no longer supported as a host compiler on Mac OS X.
        -nvcc fatal   - doesn't like clang.
    PCL Kinfu 
        -Cannot compile due to new versions of gcc, 
        -Gcc5 is available for this resason, unknow operator << errors within Kinfu.
    
    Made videos of broken health n safty stuff, and emailed them.
    Setup for doing recipts.
    

May 18:
    Setup remote accsess to the mac so I may get accsess to it if needed. (ssh)
    PCL & brew & openi & openni2
        Building PCL in a folder to enable faster/incremental builds.
        -it worked, it was also able to install, my problems solved
            -Apprently it worked fine for eric without my modifications, so /shrug.
    brew g2o - not so great, only includes some libraries, not all of them, will need to improve, or include locally.
        -include it in the git? - recompile it??
    Integrate has a working CMakeLists.txt now,
    GraphOptmizer is in progress.

May 17:
    -Stayed home,
    -Checked the build options on linux for PCL, Openni and openni2 present, unlike for mac.. 
    -Didn't have ssh accsess to mac, couldn't test PCL builds.

May 16:
    Continued work on Integrate,
        -brew still ugly, seems to mess up PCL openni2 + openni
            -Checked the brew bit, seems fine, just takes forever to build. (?)
        -Attempting to fix the brew PCL package to get it to install properly.
    Attempted to run ElasticReconstruction on Windows
        -Cuda screws it up, - link errors
        -Cuda screws it up more, - Gpu-based versioning systems... get to re-build PCL from source.
        Compiling from source: Lots of dependencies,
            -Boost (Seems good)
            -Eigen (Good)
            -Flann (Needs HDF5, - Stuck)
            -vtk, opencv, and more! 

May 15:
    Finished FragmentOptmizer Cmake, Made it not-break Erik's build-system
    Started & Finished a cmake for GlobalRegistration
    Started work on Integrate, 
        -brew install pcl seems to only like openni or openni2, and not both?
            

May 12:
  Started making the CMakeLists of fragmentOptimizer, which requries things that doesn't have CMakes...
    -Attempting to include a version that does have cmakes as a git submodule,
    -Alt: Make a really good CMakeFind.
    -Note: This is being done in a new branch, as I'm also updating Eigen,
    -Note: And erik does have a way to build it via Xcode.
  Also tested the EniScan for Mr. P/Mik, and found that it doesn't handle anything skinny.

May 11:
  Moved the scanner to Erik's pc, to allow for it to scan w/ a graphics card (Also, narrowed it down to the lack of a gfx card being the issue.)
  Created & tested Cmake for BuildCorrespondence
    -Tested it with cmake -G xcode aswell, it builds, although I'm not entierly sure where....
  Tested 3d-reconstruction on mac/linux - works fine with cmake.
  Tested same programs on windows, have no idea how anyone uses windows for anything.
    -OpenCV also has a not-so great installer, (Simply puts abunch of files in a folder.)

May 10:
  Fixed windows in a VM issues, (USB-passthough works, albeit the scanner app currently crashes)
    -Due to this, that scanner is being moved to eirk's pc, so that I can remote into it.

  Finished setting up linux/windows on the gaming-pc thing.   
  
  Tested tempalte's cmake on sonny's mac, doesn't work, however,
  Adding in the exports recommened from brew info openni2, it does work.
  
  Made a CMakeLists work for 3D-reconstruction, and tested this on a mac, I believe it to work on linux, and will also test it on windows.

May 9:
  Attempted to install abunch of things on windows - didn't really work
  Scanned with EniScan-pro, it kinda works, but still had harsh edges where there were none. It also seems to break the OS in some weird way... a reboot fixes it though.
  Attempted to run windows in a VM - lots of complications.

=======
May 9:
  Attempted to setup windows, and a windows build of Elastic Reconstruction.
  Is a long and slow processes, will be doing it in a VM now.
>>>>>>> d1c6363... old todone mods.

May5:
  Finalize & test ipad that's being taken home.
  Read more cmake, -  XXXConfig.cmake - HOW EVERYTHING ACTUALLY WORKS
  Study how it compiles as-is.
  

May4:
  Ported some ER (erik)
  Read-up on CMAKE and compiling things/linking
    -VS->cmake, xcode -> cmake...

May3: 
  Read some papers,
  Meeting w/ sunny
  Setup Credentals for IDevices
  

May2:
  More Cmake (-G Xcode) -> Seems to generate Xcode.
  Re-organized
  Researched UV-reparamitization, doesn't allow alot...
  Looked for what creatues the 3D model within the apps they have, it's just included with the SDK binarys which we donot have accsess to.
  Agreed that we want to simply recording images and use them for post-processing. (w/ others)
  Updated their old codebase of the modified scanner app to a newer SDK, got permissions, etc. (w/ erik)
  

May1:
  Setup / got used to mac
  Intro to Xcode
  Added abunch to the Todo
  Tried to get a better grasp on cmake
  

April 26, 2017:
  Installed PCL, MeshLab,
  Captured an image of erics hand.
  CMake tests.

April 25, 2017:
  Got all devices to display through OpenNi2, (NiViewer2)
  Get recording of some basic data.
April 24, 2017:
  Got the computer up & running.
  


